creating new nano file
created new project for costa rican glass analysis for Dr. Molly McCanta
uploaded data sheet and packages for dbplyr and tidyverse
created dataframes for each rock and created column for rock name
joined all dataframes together back into one dataframe that now has a rockname
column and moved that to the first column in df
Added a new branch to work on tas diagram (which I got from a website here:
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/53918035/use-a-diagram-as-background-template-in-a-plot
now I am working on adding data I already created to tas diagram
Many updates made - tas diagram works and alkali plot works but cannot lay
them on top of each other neatly - messy way of each individual included
Also did not commit push there...moved on to creating next plot of SiO2 vs MgO
forgot to save document before pushing, redoing tas info
added plots for SiO2 vs MgO, Al2O3, FeO and TiO2
Saw Drew and made some cosmetic changes to way plots are run.  Added an 
Rmarkdown file so plots will be able to publish for review by Molly

Updated many many things and did not change branches.  Currently on Master and
am going to commit and push and then pull in all branches.  Changes made include
creating rmd file, adding code to calculate Mg# and updating SiO2 to Mg# instead
of MgO.  Also changed legend to better size

Added new data sheet with bulk composition data from first "wheel"
Pulled into new file and used same code to select columns and group
the multiple points into each rock set.

Have no updated to github in quite some time.  However worried that I have no
other copy of this work and want a backup.  So pushing all code into git so
can reboot if lost on computer.

Added data for 2nd batch of bulk rocks (from Allen).  Updated all code
to include rocks CR2A_T (first 2A was not fully fused) CR2A_M (redo of 2A),
CR2B, CR4 and CR5. Changed colors and added a shape to accomodate all new data.
Also created code for comparision of CR2A to CR2B.

Proofread all labels for consistency and updated shapes & colors on glass Rmd
to match bulk.


worked through comparing script file to rmd to be sure code matched chunks
(script was out of date with rmd)

updated glass script to match glass rmd and removed code that did not work.
(above code was for comparing bulk script to bulk rmd)

created new df for glass average per wt% and created plot for alkali
and alkali on TAS on both script and rmd files

added the rest of the glass average plots to the glass rmd and used plot practice
to work out a formula for Alkaline vs Subalkaline based on wt% df

uploaded data from Allan on CR1A and compared that (CRA1A) to both CR1A and COR1A
and determined that CRA1A is more homogenous (Mo bead reached better T's) so
that data will be used.  Upload that into master data and converted COR and CR1A1
into .rmd file.

attempt 1 to create a function that dictates the theme components of all graphs for streamlining
the plots (will reduce lines of code for all subsequent plots)

created code to simplify all plots.  plot_symbol is all shapes and colors and plot_theme details
all the consistent theme infor for all plots.  Intend to write this at beginning of rmd and
simplify all plots from there

applied new shortened commands to all plots on bulk rmd.  Also installed updates on all pkgs

upgraded R from 3.6 to 4.0 and all associated packages

updating adds and commits for all work done that's not been committed

updated all packages successfully

created df's with se and sd calculations.  Joined into table and then created ggplot with
errorbars to indicate sd per Molly

multiple attmepts made to resolve glass avg table issue - error message continues to occur
also some general tidying up of pages.

on glass rmd entered symbol and theme setup and then tidyied all subsequent plots

added mean and sd table to Rmd plus all major elements with error bars
error bar plots also added to glass script

